fix - apply progress reporting stalling after first heartbeat in -json output (#4318)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

- The `cidrsubnets` function now supports prefix extensions greater than 32 bits when the base CIDR block uses an IPv6 address. ([#4042](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/4042))
- The `local-exec` provisioner now automatically sets the `TRACEPARENT` environment variable in child processes when OpenTelemetry tracing is active, following the W3C Trace Context specification. ([#4014](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/4014))
- When installing provider and module packages from OCI Distribution registries, OpenTofu now tracks separate transient credentials for each repository to support registry implementations that issue repository-scoped tokens.  ([#3316](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/3316))

BUG FIXES:

> - `tofu apply -json` now emits periodic `apply_progress` heartbeat messages for the full duration of a resource operation, instead of stopping after the first one. ([#4107](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/4107))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tofu apply -json` now emits periodic `apply_progress` heartbeat messages for the full duration of a resource operation, instead of stopping after the first one. ([#4107](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/4318))
```
I know that we are inconsistent with this (as it can be seen in the other entries), but I am trying lately to head towards uniformity.
